we asked a few familiar faces for their
reactions to Sunday show we're
absolutely devastated that Jimmy
employee left his competition
first of all it was flavor to my
professional partner and and we know for
a fact that he will genuinely love this
show so much
I absolutely one of my favorite people
on the show he was the first person that
I bonded with in our first training
session I can't believe he's good my
mind when it rains shocking
shocking and disappointing it's crazy
he was good I've been involved in this
show for five years and I would say it's
the first time I've seen grown men
crying at this stage of a competition
when someone's left tonight with Jimmy
going out I mean that our worst dancers
I gave him a seven can't really believe
it yes he was pigeon-toed yes he had a
few things from this dance but nowhere
near as bad as you know it's time to
have your say comment on the BBC's
Strictly Resource blog and let the
nation know what you thought of the
results